PLNSRVCE-1407: performance workgroup motivated metrics (#30)
openshift-pipelines/pipeline-service-exporter: docs/metrics-specification.md

_Metric Name:_ pipelinerun_scheduling_duration  
_Labels:_ Minimally a `namespace` label.  If the `ENABLE_PIPELINERUN_SCHEDULED_DURATION_PIPELINENAME_LABEL` environment variable is set to `true` on the exporter deployment, the `pipelinename` label is set to the name of the Pipeline if its reference is set, otherwise the name of the PipelineRun.
_Data Type:_ Histogram
_Description:_ The time taken in seconds for a PipelineRun to be scheduled.

_**TaskRun Scheduling Duration:**_  
The duration of time in seconds taken for a TaskRun to be scheduled, calculated as the difference between the creation timestamp and the start time of the TaskRun.

_Metric Name:_ taskrunrun_scheduling_duration  
_Labels:_ Minimally a `namespace` label.  If the `ENABLE_TASKRUN_SCHEDULED_DURATION_TASKNAME_LABEL` environment variable is set to `true` on the exporter deployment, the `taskname` label is set to the name of the Task if its reference is set, otherwise the name of the TaskRun.
_Data Type:_ Histogram
_Description:_ The time taken in seconds for a TaskRun to be scheduled.

_**Scheduling Duration of different TaskRuns with a PipelineRun:**_

> The time taken in milliseconds between the creation of the first TaskRun and the creation of its PipelineRun, followed by the duration in milliseconds between the completion of a preceding TaskRun and the creation of the following TaskRun.  This metrics current assumes sequential TaskRuns, and the parallel TaskRuns within a PipelineRun are not employed.  At this time, this metric is disabled by default, but can be enabled by setting the `ENABLE_GAP_METRIC` to `true`.

Reviewer: Nitpick:
```suggestion
The time taken in milliseconds between the creation of the first TaskRun and the creation of its PipelineRun, followed by the duration in milliseconds between the completion of a preceding TaskRun and the creation of the following TaskRun.  This metric current assumes sequential TaskRuns, and the parallel TaskRuns within a PipelineRun are not employed.  At this time, this metric is disabled by default, but can be enabled by setting the environment variable `ENABLE_GAP_METRIC` to `true`.
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe also `This metric current assumes` -> `This metric currently assumes`.
